Overlay: Use overlay-aware CLI version when analyzing PRs (#3880)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Added an experimental change which, when running a Code Scanning analysis for a PR with [improved incremental analysis](https://github.com/github/roadmap/issues/1158) enabled, prefers CodeQL CLI versions that have a cached overlay-base database for the configured languages. This speeds up analysis when the latest version does not yet have a cached overlay-base database. We expect to roll this change out to everyone in May. [#3880](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3880)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an experimental change which, when running a Code Scanning analysis for a PR with [improved incremental analysis](https://github.com/github/roadmap/issues/1158) enabled, prefers CodeQL CLI versions that have a cached overlay-base database for the configured languages. This speeds up analysis for a repository when there is not yet a cached overlay-base database for the latest CLI version. We expect to roll this change out to everyone in May. [#3880](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3880)
```
